20_2 Scheduler Recurring Appointments: rewrite (#802)
DevExpress/devextreme-demos: JSDemos/Demos/Scheduler/RecurringAppointments/description.md

> A recurring appointment repeats at a specified interval. In the view, recurring appointments are indicated by a circular arrow glyph.

Reviewer: Avoidable passive voice.

```suggestion
A recurring appointment repeats at a specified interval. A circular arrow glyph denotes all recurring appointments in the view.
```

> To create a recurring appointment, do the following:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Do the following to create a recurring appointment:
```

1. Locate or create an appointment object in the [dataSource](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxScheduler/Configuration/#dataSource). 

2. Specify the [recurrenceRule](/Documentation/ApiReference/Common/Object_Structures/dxSchedulerAppointment/#recurrenceRule) property to configure the appointment frequency. Set this property according to the <a href="http://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc2445#section-4.3.10" target="_blank">iCalendar RFC 2445</a> specification. A single data object with **recurrenceRule** creates an appointment series.

> 1. Optionally, use the [recurrenceException](/Documentation/ApiReference/Common/Object_Structures/dxSchedulerAppointment/#recurrenceException) property to specify the start date and time of appointments to exclude from the series.

Reviewer: I cannot say I understood what you meant. What exactly can do with this property and to what end? Should I list there specific date/time values that would match those of potentially excluded appointments? This sentence is not clear.

Author: Changed it to "Optionally, use the recurrenceException property to specify the start date and time of **_those appointments that you want to exclude from the series_**."

Reviewer: This version looks great. Thank you.

> If your appointment data objects contain different fields that perform the functions of **recurrenceRule** and **recurrenceException**, specify their names in the Scheduler's [recurrenceRuleExpr](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxScheduler/Configuration/#recurrenceRuleExpr) and [recurrenceExceptionExpr](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxScheduler/Configuration/#recurrenceExceptionExpr) properties.

Reviewer: >  **If your appointment data objects contain different fields that perform the functions** of **recurrenceRule** and **recurrenceException**, specify their names in the Scheduler's [recurrenceRuleExpr](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxScheduler/Configuration/#recurrenceRuleExpr) and [recurrenceExceptionExpr](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxScheduler/Configuration/#recurrenceExceptionExpr) properties.

How would I know this?

> Users can also create recurring appointments. The appointment details form contains a Repeat switcher. When it is on, the form displays an additional set of fields to specify recurrence rules. Double-click an appointment and select Edit Series to view the appointment details form with the recurrence fields. You can also select Edit appointment to view a single non-recurring appointment from the series.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Users can also create recurring appointments. The appointment details form contains a *Repeat* switch. When it is on, the form displays an additional set of fields to specify recurrence rules. Double-click an appointment and select *Edit series* to view the appointment details form with the recurrence fields. You can also select *Edit appointment* to view a single non-recurring appointment from the series.
```

> A recurring appointment repeats at a specified interval. You can create such an appointment in the UI or programmatically.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
A recurring appointment repeats at a specified interval. In the view, recurring appointments are indicated by a circular arrow glyph.
```

> To create a recurring appointment programmatically, do the following:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
To create a recurring appointment, do the following:
```

> 1. Locate or create only a single appointment object in the [dataSource](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxScheduler/Configuration/#dataSource). 

Reviewer 4: Could you please explain this sentence? I see several objects in the data source 
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/33040934/117450223-9dcf1600-af49-11eb-856e-cbb98e28ef3b.png)

> 2. Specify the [recurrenceRule](/Documentation/ApiReference/Common/Object_Structures/dxSchedulerAppointment/#recurrenceRule) where you should generate a recurrent series according to the <a href="http://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc2445#section-4.3.10" target="_blank">iCalendar RFC 2445</a> specification.

Reviewer 4: A framework or a component can generate something but I'm not sure that people can. Also, what is 'a recurrent series' in context of Scheduler?

> 2. Specify the [recurrenceRule](/Documentation/ApiReference/Common/Object_Structures/dxSchedulerAppointment/#recurrenceRule) property to configure the appointment frequency. Set this property according to the <a href="http://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc2445#section-4.3.10" target="_blank">iCalendar RFC 2445</a> specification. Note that an appointment series corresponds to a single object in the data source.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
2. Specify the [recurrenceRule](/Documentation/ApiReference/Common/Object_Structures/dxSchedulerAppointment/#recurrenceRule) property to configure the appointment frequency. Set this property according to the <a href="http://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc2445#section-4.3.10" target="_blank">iCalendar RFC 2445</a> specification. A single data object with **recurrenceRule** creates an appointment series.
```

3. Optionally, use the [recurrenceException](/Documentation/ApiReference/Common/Object_Structures/dxSchedulerAppointment/#recurrenceException) property to specify the start date and time of appointments that should be excluded from the series.

> To create a recurring appointment in the UI, users should do the following:

Reviewer 4: Is this info important for developers? How would they use it?

Author: This can be used to explain the process of creating a recurring appointment for non-developers.

Reviewer 4: Let's leave it to @RomanTsukanov. I still don't think that this info should be given here.

> 1. Optionally, use the [recurrenceException](/Documentation/ApiReference/Common/Object_Structures/dxSchedulerAppointment/#recurrenceException) property to specify the start date and time of appointments to exclude from the series.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
1. Optionally, use the [recurrenceException](/Documentation/ApiReference/Common/Object_Structures/dxSchedulerAppointment/#recurrenceException) property to specify the start date and time of appointments to exclude from the series.

If your appointment data objects contain different fields that perform the functions of **recurrenceRule** and **recurrenceException**, specify their names in the Scheduler's [recurrenceRuleExpr](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxScheduler/Configuration/#recurrenceRuleExpr) and [recurrenceExceptionExpr](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxScheduler/Configuration/#recurrenceExceptionExpr) properties.
```

1. Create or open an appointment.

2. Toggle the *"Repeat"* switcher on the appointment details form.

> 3. Set the recurrence rules in the newly opened fields.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
3. Set the recurrence rules in the newly opened fields.
```
```suggestion
3. Use the form's fields to set the recurrence rules.
```

> To create a recurring appointment in the UI, users should do the following:
> 
> 1. Create or open an appointment.
> 
> 2. Toggle the *"Repeat"* switcher on the appointment details form.
> 
> 3. Use the form's fields to set the recurrence rules.

Reviewer 3: A list is a bit of an overshoot here. However, we do need to outline the mechanics of editing recurrence rules from the ui.

```suggestion
Users also can create recurrent appointments. The appointment details form contains a Repeat switcher. When it is on, the form displays an additional set of fields that allow users to specify recurrence rules. Double-click an appointment and select Edit Series to view the appointment details form with the recurrence fields.
```

> The recurrent appointment's rectangle will have a circular arrow glyph in the top right corner.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
```

A recurring appointment repeats at a specified interval. You can create such an appointment in the UI or programmatically.

To create a recurring appointment programmatically, do the following:

1. Locate or create an appointment object in the [dataSource](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxScheduler/Configuration/#dataSource). 

2. Specify the [recurrenceRule](/Documentation/ApiReference/Common/Object_Structures/dxSchedulerAppointment/#recurrenceRule) property to configure the appointment frequency.         

> Use the <a href="http://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc2445#section-4.3.10" target="_blank">iCalendar RFC 2445</a> specification to set this property. Note that an appointment series corresponds to a single object in the data source.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
2. Specify the [recurrenceRule](/Documentation/ApiReference/Common/Object_Structures/dxSchedulerAppointment/#recurrenceRule) property to configure the appointment frequency. Set this property according to the <a href="http://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc2445#section-4.3.10" target="_blank">iCalendar RFC 2445</a> specification. Note that an appointment series corresponds to a single object in the data source.
```
